## Aspen LiDA Updates
- Fixed a bug causing some users to occasionally be booted from an active session due to an erroneous API return that the user's credentials were invalid. (*KK*)
- Update the record page to add a Request button for records needing Local ILL requests. (DIS-34) (*MDN, KK-G*)
- Update the holds process to use the Local ILL process when configured. (DIS-34) (*MDN, KK-G*)

## Aspen Discovery Updates
// mark - Grove
### API Updates
- Add a new API to retrieve a LocalIllForm Configuration. (DIS-34) (*MDN*)
- Add a new API to submit a Local ILL request. (DIS-34) (*MDN*)

### Hoopla Updates
- Add the date first detected to staff view for Hoopla records. (*MDN*)

### Indexing Updates
- Add a new format for Tonies based on a publisher (260b, 264b, 710a) containing Boxine and a title (245a) containing Tonie. (*MDN*)
- Add a new format for Yoto based on a publisher (260b, 264b, 710a) containing Yoto and a title (245a) containing Yoto. (*MDN*)
- When filtering formats, if Zines is active, discard other formats. (DIS-56) (*MDN*)
- When checking for the Zines format, ignore trailing punctuation. (DIS-56) (*MDN*)

### Local ILL (DIS-34)
- Add new settings to configure the Local ILL system in use. (*MDN*)
  - Within library systems, administrators can set the type of Local ILL system to use. None is the default option, and Symphony Demand Management Using Books by Mail is also an option.
  - Within locations, administrators can set the ILL form to be used when making request.
- Update hold groups to not be specific to VDX, so they can be used for both Local ILL and VDX. (*MDN*)
- Add new Local ILL forms to allow configuration of the information that patrons can provide when submitting Local ILL requests. (*MDN*)
- Update the holds process to use the Local ILL process when configured. (*MDN*)
- Update the Symphony driver to allow creating holds using the books by mail process when Symphony Demand Management Using Books by Mail is activated. (*MDN*)
- Update the display of holds for Symphony to show an additional message if the current location is ILL or the mail flag is set to indicate the title is coming from another library. (*MDN*)

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Settings
- Primary Configuration > Library Systems > Interlibrary loans > Local ILL Request Type
- Primary Configuration > Locations > Interlibrary loans > Local ILL Form
- Interlibrary Loan > Hold Groups
- Interlibrary Loan > Local ILL Forms

</div>

### Koha Updates
- Correct column name when fetching from the user message queue. (*MDN*)

### Material Request Updates
- Add the ability to Export All requests to CSV. Which exports all requests on all pages for the selected filters. (*MDN*)

### OverDrive Updates
- Correct error loading OverDrive Scope information for libraries that do not have OverDrive setup for them. (*MDN*)

### Polaris Updates
- Update the site creation process to prompt for connection information and set up a default Account Profile and Indexing Profile for Polaris libraries. (*MDN*)

### Symphony Updates
- Add the ability to load Hold Groups from Symphony. (*MDN*)
- Add the ability to load Locations from Symphony. (*MDN*)
- Correct setting day phone and home phone to not be overridden based on the phone field. (*MDN*)

### Testing Updates
- Add the ability to generate test material requests similar to how test reading history is generated. (*MDN*)

### Year In Review Updates
- Create new settings to configure Year in the Review functionality. (*MDN*)
- Update Patron Types so Year in Review functionality can be enabled or disabled by Patron Type. (*MDN*)
- After a patron logs in, check to see if they should see the Year In Review functionality and if so, display a message to the user and add a link from the account sidebar and account menu. (*MDN*)
- When selecting Year in Review, display a slideshow to the user based on data loaded from their account. (*MDN*)
  - Slides are based on a configuration file that can be updated each year.
  - Data is loaded from the patron account and overlaid onto background images.

<div markdown="1" class="settings">

#### New Permissions
- Year in Review > Administer Year in Review for All Libraries
- Year in Review > Administer Year in Review for Home Library

#### New Settings
- Local Catalog Enrichment > Year in Review

</div>

### Other Updates
- Remove extraneous vertical lines when showing modal dialog. (*MDN*)
- Create a new large modal that fills more of the screen. (*MDN*)
- Allow modal dialogs to be shown without the title bar. (*MDN*)
- Add additional error handling when searching the database (DataObject find method). (*MDN*)

// katherine
### Year in Review Updates
- Generate slide data for top author, top genres, top series, top formats, and for recommendations for next year. (*KP*)

// kirstien

// kodi

// james staub - Nashville

// alexander - PTFSE
### Indexing Updates
- Add Regular Expression field for item types to be treated as eContent to Indexing Profiles in order to allow libraries to add to this. All item types currently treated as eContent are included by default. (*AB*)

### Web Builder Updates
- Remove edit button in admin view of Grapes JS Pages as breadcrumbs allow navigation back to the editor and are in keeping with the rest of Aspen. (*AB*)

// Chloe - PTFSE

// Pedro - PTFSE
### Other Updates
- Redirect to selfRegistrationUrl if the /MyAccount/SelfReg URL is accessed directly.(*PA*)

// Lucas - Theke
  - The logs directory belongs to the appropriate user (Docker deployment) (*LM*)

// Tomas - Theke

// Kyle - ByWater Solutions
### DIS-43: Standarize parameters used for Solr indexing
- Update Solr commit calls to a standard parameter set of `false, false, true`

// ByWater

## This release includes code contributions from
### ByWater Solutions
  - Kyle Hall (KMH)

### Grove For Libraries
  - Mark Noble (MDN)
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK-G)

### Nashville Public Library
  - James Staub (JStaub)

### PTFS-Europe
  - Alexander Blanchard (AB)
  - Chloe Zermatten (CZ)
  - Pedro Amorim (PA)

### Theke Solutions
  - Lucas Montoya (LM)
  - Tomás Cohen Arazi (TC)

### Independent
  - Kirstien Kroeger (KK)


## Special Testing thanks to
- Myranda Fuentes (Grove)
- Bryan Jones (Nashville Public Library)
- James Staub (Nashville Public Library)
- Janeal Walker (Metropolitan Public Library)
- Kate Lozyk (ByWater Solutions)
- Lauren Conley (ByWater Solutions)

## This release includes sponsored developments from
- Wyoming State Library
